README.md, before:

# Bakery Application

#### An application for a user to purchase bread and pastries

#### By **Laurie Waller**

## Technologies Used

* C#
* .NET Core

## Description
This application allows the user to purchase bread and pastry at a bakery. It offers a sale price and calculates the discount for the user.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

  1. Go to the main page of the repository (https://github.com/lauriewaller/bakery-csharp).
  2. In the top righthand corner of the list of files, click the Code dropdown menu.
  3. Click on the clipboard icon to copy the URL to the GitHub repo.
  4. On your computer, open Terminal and navigate to the folder where you plan to clone the repo folder.
  5. Type in `git clone` and then paste the URL you copied:
      `git clone https://github.com/lauriewaller/bakery-csharp`. Press Enter.
  6. One great application to open your files in is Visual Studio Code. To download VS Code, go to https://code.visualstudio.com/ and click on Download in the top righthand corner. From there, choose the download type necessary for your computer and follow the prompts.
  7. After you have completed the VS Code download, return to Terminal. After you've ensured you are still in the root directory of the folder you wish to open, type `code .` and press Enter. This will open the application files in VS Code for you.
  8. In Terminal, navigate to Bakery.Tests directory and type in `dotnet restore`.
  9. In Terminal, type in `dotnet run` to run the program and order bread and pastries. 

## Known Bugs

* Does not handle a string.

## License

MIT

Copyright (c) 2021 by Laurie Waller

## Contact Information

_Laurie Waller (lauriewaller7@gmail.com)_

Commit message:

update README to add instructions for dotnet test

README.md, after:

# Bakery Application

#### An application for a user to purchase bread and pastries

#### By **Laurie Waller**

## Technologies Used

* C#
* .NET Core

## Description
This application allows the user to purchase bread and pastry at a bakery. It offers a sale price and calculates the discount for the user.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

  1. Go to the main page of the repository (https://github.com/lauriewaller/bakery-csharp).
  2. In the top righthand corner of the list of files, click the Code dropdown menu.
  3. Click on the clipboard icon to copy the URL to the GitHub repo.
  4. On your computer, open Terminal and navigate to the folder where you plan to clone the repo folder.
  5. Type in `git clone` and then paste the URL you copied:
      `git clone https://github.com/lauriewaller/bakery-csharp`. Press Enter.
  6. One great application to open your files in is Visual Studio Code. To download VS Code, go to https://code.visualstudio.com/ and click on Download in the top righthand corner. From there, choose the download type necessary for your computer and follow the prompts.
  7. After you have completed the VS Code download, return to Terminal. After you've ensured you are still in the root directory of the folder you wish to open, type `code .` and press Enter. This will open the application files in VS Code for you.
  8. In Terminal, navigate to Bakery.Tests directory and type in `dotnet restore`.
  9. In Terminal, type in `dotnet run` to run the program and order bread and pastries. 
  10. To run tests for the application, navigate to Bakery.Tests in Terminal and type in `dotnet test`.

## Known Bugs

* Does not handle a string.

## License

MIT

Copyright (c) 2021 by Laurie Waller

## Contact Information

_Laurie Waller (lauriewaller7@gmail.com)_
